---
layout: post
title: "Updates"
date: 2018-04-05
excerpt: "Updating with my first post."
tags: [python, web of things, update]
comments: true
---

Prior to this point, this website has mainly served as a central hub for my social media (email, github, LinkedIn, etc.). I have been looking into different branches of software engineering that interest me, mainly machine learning; and from that, AI. The idea of teaching a computer to "think" is exciting to me, as evidenced by these interests.

However the more I look into these things, the more complicated they become - they are certainly not something you can just jump into. There is a sea of knowledge on the subject and it is hard to know where to start. Still, I was able to create a very basic Python program that analyzed and made predictions on the iris dataset.

I have also been working on a reddit bot - a program that scans a particular subreddit (essentially a forum), looking for a particular set of words, and then replies to posts with those words in the title. I would like to put it on a Raspberry Pi, so that it could be running continuously - I just need to buy the Pi. It would also be nice to have a dedicated Linux environment, so I could continue to flesh out my Linux and Bash skills.

## School Projects

As far as my senior design project goes (Project Databeam), we're currently working on bugfixing and fleshing out the rest of the program. The sign-in UI broke, and now the button to sign in is covering the text box where the user enters their email or username, which is annoying as I'm not sure what broke it. Beyond that, we're working on figuring out the Android port of the PdfBox library. Once we have that, our project will be essentially finished!

With Vertically Integrated Projects, things are a bit more ... theoretical. We're transitioning from the planning stage to the implementation stage, and so we'll focus on getting the stepper motors and feather boards working, and from there we'll just have to set up the math for calculating where the bee is inside the display.

## Other Notes

I suppose I'll keep the "Testing Readability" file on here, just to help me with future posts.
